index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Home
---

<style>
  a.custom-link {
    color: #ed6a5a; /* Blue color */
    text-decoration: none; /* Remove underline */
    transition: color 0.3s ease;
  }
  a.custom-link:hover {
    color: #5ca4a9; /* Tomato red on hover */
    text-decoration: none; /* Underline on hover */
    transition: color 0.3s ease;
  }
</style>

<img src="/senior_project/images/profile_picture.jpeg" alt="Profile Picture" style="border-radius: 10px;">

<!-- ![profile-picture](/senior_project/images/profile_picture.jpeg "Profile Picture") -->

Daniel Peace is a recent graduate from CSU Channel Islands. He received a B.S. degree in computer science with a minor in mathematics. His primary fields of interest lie in backend development, AI and ML development, and embedded systems.

Some of his main [projects]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link projects.md %}){: .custom-link} during school included [DTC Prediction Pipeline]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link senior_project.md %}){: .custom-link}, a system for integrating AI and ML models to predict injuries in mass casualty situations; [BarterBuddy]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link barterbuddy.md %}){: .custom-link}, an e-commerce application that allows users to trade items; and [CHAT-429]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link chat429.md %}){: .custom-link}, a terminal-based chat app similar to Discord that lets users create and join various text channels to chat and hang out.

Some of Daniel's hobbies and interests include playing musical instruments, such as piano and drums, as well as playing basketball. He is also a car enthusiast.

Commit message:

- removed email from footer - modified hobby section of home/about me page - changed name of senior project to make things more consistant throughout the webiste - modified overview of senior project to better summerize entire porject. - added several new images

index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Home
---

<style>
  a.custom-link {
    color: #ed6a5a; /* Blue color */
    text-decoration: none; /* Remove underline */
    transition: color 0.3s ease;
  }
  a.custom-link:hover {
    color: #5ca4a9; /* Tomato red on hover */
    text-decoration: none; /* Underline on hover */
    transition: color 0.3s ease;
  }
</style>

<img src="/senior_project/images/profile_picture.jpeg" alt="Profile Picture" style="border-radius: 10px;">

<!-- ![profile-picture](/senior_project/images/profile_picture.jpeg "Profile Picture") -->

My name is Daniel peace and I am a recent graduate from CSU Channel Islands. I received a B.S. degree in computer science with a minor in mathematics. My primary fields of interest lie in backend development, AI and ML development, and embedded systems.

Some of my main [projects]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link projects.md %}){: .custom-link} during school included [DTC Prediction Pipeline]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link senior_project.md %}){: .custom-link}, a system for integrating AI and ML models to predict injuries in mass casualty situations; [BarterBuddy]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link barterbuddy.md %}){: .custom-link}, an e-commerce application that allows users to trade items; and [CHAT-429]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link chat429.md %}){: .custom-link}, a terminal-based chat app similar to Discord that lets users create and join various text channels to chat and hang out.

In my free time, I enjoy playing keys and drums for a couple of cover bands that primarily play music from the 70s and 80s. Having played basketball in high school, I still enjoy playing pick-up games at my local gym when I have the time. I'm also a car enthusiast and am particularly fond of old Toyotas. I own a 1981 Land Cruiser that I hope to start working on soon, as well as a 1986 Toyota pickup I’d like to restore someday.
